
occam source files end in ".occ" or ".inc".  Files ending ".inc" are
include-files containing only type, protocol or constant declarations.
These ".occ" files are libraries of occam procedure or function
declarations.

  consts.inc

    This contains some ASCII constants, the special FLUSH byte used
    by kroc to flush UNIX stdout/stderr channels, the END.FILE character
    input at the end of a file that's been redirected to standard input
    and the string comparison constants returned by string.occ (see below).

  utils.occ

    This contains the basic output procedures (for INTs, BYTEs, BOOLs
    and strings), interactive input procedures (kroc occam executes
    under UNIX in raw mode - characters don't get echoed automatically),
    cursor positioning procedures (for VT220 compatible screens) and
    some higher level auto-prompting `ask' procedures.  Separate
    documentation for these are in the file utils.doc.  An example
    process, test_utils.occ, that demonstrates the use of all these
    utilities is in the /usr/work/kroc/examples directory.

  utils.doc

    Documentation (extracted from the above).

  string.occ

    This contains some simple string handling functions.  It assumes
    strings are BYTE arrays (padded to the right with NULLs if the
    string os too short for the array).

  file_in.occ

    This contains some non-interactive input routines for inputting
    from files that have been redirected to stdin.  They are basically
    the same as those in utils.occ, but don't echo their input!

  float_io.occ

    This only contains conversion procedures from REAL32 or REAL64
    numbers into strings (which can be output using the string output
    routines in utils.occ).

  random.occ

    This contains a small, but good, random number generator.  Further
    documentation on how to use this is in the file random.doc.

  random.doc

    Documentation (extracted from the above).

  demo_cycles.occ

    This contains the `legoland' catalogue studied in the course.

  demo_nets.occ

    This contains some sample networks built from the `legoland' catalogue.

  shared_screen.inc

    This contains necessary data types and protocols for shared_screen.occ.

  shared_screen.occ

    This contains driver processes for high-level (shared) screen drawing,
    useful for simple text-based animations.

Peter Welch.
