
This directory contains:


  about-kroc.txt

    This contains basic information about KRoC.  (a bit out
    of date currently) -- see the essentially-kroc.txt file.

  essentially-kroc.txt

    This document describes how to use the basic KRoC utilities
    (kroc, ilibr, kmakef).  ** Essential reading **

  occ21-extensions.html

    This document describes various additions to the occ21
    occam compiler -- the text version has now been abandoned.

  kroc-faq.html

    This document attempts to answer some frequently asked
    questions.

  native-call.ps

    This document describes how to make external calls to C
    functions (or any other language which uses the same
    parameter passing conventions as C).

  blocking-native.ps

    This document describes how to make an external C call
    which may block -- without blocking the occam kernel.

  bsclib.ps

    This document describes how to use the occam socket, file
    and process libraries.  These libraries rely on blocking
    system calls being available.  [updated 03/2003].

  o2cl.ps, o2cl.txt

    "An occam2.1 Checklist": a 17-page Postscript document
    covering most of occam2 by Peter Welch <P.H.Welch@ukc.ac.uk>.

  hlps.txt

    "Higher Levels of Process Synchronisation": this is a
    research note that documents and motivates the extra
    synchronisation primatives provided in this release.
    See the kroc/syncs/ directory.

  udo.ps, udo.html

    This describes the extension to KRoC occam2.1 which enables
    user defined operators.

  hostio.txt

    This document describes how to use the Inmos Toolset
    hostio and hostsp libraries.

  pragmas.txt

    This provides a quick run-down of the common compiler
    #PRAGMA directives available.

  sc/
  lib/

    These directories contain examples referred to in the
    'essentially-kroc.txt' document.

  udc.ps

    This is the documentation for user-defined channels.  This
    extension allows arbitrary C code to be run when operations
    are invoked on `PLACED CHAN's.

  moinmoinwiki-occampi.py

    This is a MoinMoin Wiki parser for syntax-highlighting
    occam-pi code.  Copy it into your Wiki's parser directory,
    renaming as occampi.py, and use with "#!occampi" on pre-
    formatted text (immediately after the opening braces).

